Remove mention of SMIL being deprecated in Chrome (#31172)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/svg_animation_with_smil/index.md

{{SVGRef}}

> Firefox 4 introduced support for animating [SVG](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG) using [Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language](https://www.w3.org/TR/REC-smil/) (SMIL). SMIL allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language](https://www.w3.org/TR/REC-smil/) (SMIL) is an extension of [SVG](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG) allowing to animating SVG elements. SMIL allows you to:
```

Author: :+1:
